[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you an updated night routine
which has been very highly requested as
always people really seem to like
watching these night routines and so I
do hope that you enjoy watching today's
so usually I will just do some emails
and admin right before dinner and then I
will head in the into the kitchen to
make something so just keep in mind that
this particular day I wasn't feeling
very hungry because I was getting over
an illness I was pretty much only just
recovering from a few days of sickness
and dizziness and I just didn't have an
appetite so I wanted to eat something
but I didn't have something very heavy
so that it would be gentle on my stomach
so do you keep that in mind I usually
would II a bigger dinner than this
[Music]
so whilst my food is cooking I like to
do the washing-up and as you can see
today I dip it together this delicious
little Norrish ball so I had some
broccoli some lettuce olives potatoes
edamame beans and I don't always eat
this in the kitchen in fact usually I
don't eat this in the kitchen
but I was chatting with my flatmates
this particular day and so I did eat it
at the kitchen table and this is my
amazing flatmate Katie and look at our
empty sink but how look how good we are
at maintaining a stinking so then I head
back into my room and I like to have got
myself a glass of water because it is
important to stay hydrated when you
study and then I will get back to doing
some studying I do like to study in the
evenings and this particular day I had
two lectures to watch so the first one
was from Tuesday the lecture was
cancelled because the lecturer was ill
and so we had a recap recording from
last year and then I had a second
lecture to watch because on Monday I
didn't go to this lecture because I was
ill illness is very annoying it means
you got you a lot of catch at work
oh and you will see this pen a lot in
this video it is my favorite pen it's
the medium nib Lamy Safari and I would
totally recommend this if you're looking
for a good fountain pen
[Music]
so then once I'm finished with work I
will do some exercise I like to do a
mini workout in my room every day and I
was filming this on a Thursday on
Wednesdays and Thursdays I tend to do
this workout in the evening and I just
try out different fitness videos I find
a new tube today I decided to do an ab
workout one and you will see that I was
struggling quite a little bit
[Music]
and I'm probably doing all of these
exercise rooms and haze excuse me for
that but I am trying like that never
food tomorrow closing in this fast oh I
guess times in rush leaves the falling
down but at least they grow back well I
bought a one-way track
[Music]
would it be I can't be this
okay that's my first time doing that
particular work I obviously didn't have
essential wood heat stir so then when
I'm finished I like to drink a large
glass of milk just to rehydrate my body
and then I will roll my mouth's back up
this is a really nice yoga mat and I
love it because it's really padded
[Music]
then I needed to go and put out the bins
this day so I like to do chores in the
evenings after my workout and it was my
turn to empty the bins in the kitchen so
I just did that
[Music]
and I just have to head outside into the
freezing cold February air to do the
bins
[Music]
as soon as I get in of course
I needed to wash my hands because bins
are disgusting
and then since it's quite muddy outside
at the moment I'm leaving my most recent
shoes outside my door just to dry off so
I don't we're in the carpet in the
evenings I also love to have some
kombucha this is my favorite one is the
cherry plum one from remedy this is just
a really nice thing to settle your
stomach I think after you do exercise
and then I like to just go on YouTube
put on a video whilst I do some planning
and bullet journaling so one of my new
year's resolutions was to get into the
habit of using a bullet journal and I
have actually been so on top of it I
have been so reliant on my bullet
journal this last month and I am
absolutely adoring it so the first thing
I did was just I like to go through my
expenses every day and if I bought
anything then I'll just track that
because I do think it's important to be
mindful of what you're spending and then
I make these mini to-do lists at the
beginning of the week for my weekly
spreads and I just transferred these
over to one of my study planners ready
for tomorrow but basically planning my
day the next thing I like to do is very
very simple it takes a few minutes I
like to write down three things I
accomplished that that day and I think
there's this mindset around to-do lists
you know there's always things you want
to do but we don't really reflect on the
amazing things that we have managed to
do and so this just really helps me with
motivation and I can flip through it
have a look at what I have achieved that
week or that month then I would just put
some classical music on I love classical
music
Alexis French is amazing I'm mostly
loving The Nanny McPhee
soundtrack at the moment and in the
evenings I also like to disinfect my
desk which some might think is
unnecessary but I spend a lot of time at
weight and I really do think it probably
is quite dirty so at the end of each day
I will just run over that with a wipe
the next thing I would do is just pack
my bag for tomorrow I like to do this
the night before so I can make sure I
don't forget anything
and since it's Friday tomorrow I have to
bring my massive Norton poetry anthology
for my seminar and it's very very heavy
it's over 2,000 pages then I would just
take out my contact lenses please look
away if you don't like the idea of
watching someone take up their contact
lenses and I would take out my bobby
pins if I don't do this I end up losing
them in the bathroom so then I head to
the bathroom to have a shower I wash my
hair every 2 days and this particular
evening I was washing my hair I'm not
going to show you the products I use cuz
I have shown them before and they
haven't changed
and when I got out the shower my glasses
were very misty and I like to brush my
teeth of course when I get back to my
room I put on my bed jacket and yes this
is a vet jacket not a dress and girl and
they are slightly different things I
like my bed jacket because it's a bit
lighter than a dressing-gown and I can
sleep in it and it keeps me really warm
I put away my gym clothes to be worn
another day because I'd only worn them
for ten minutes and they were really
sweaty so I thought I could buy them
tomorrow too and I put on my beautiful
bunny slippers these are my favorite
things ever I've had them for like five
or six years
[Music]
I like to fill up a hot water bottle in
the evening because I do get pretty cold
and I also fill up a water glass and
also my water bottle because again I did
quite thirsty in the night whilst I'm
waiting for the kettle to boil I will
just check Instagram check my DMS on
Instagram and also read through and
maybe respond to some comments on my
most recent YouTube video these comments
always really make my day and I do read
every single one and I'm using my
beautiful head recorder bottle I love
this thing it's so soft
[Music]
I head back to my room and I will
basically get myself ready for bed now
but right before I get into bed I like
to do some stretching I've said this
before but I do find stretching really
meditative and I also do like to keep up
with my flexibility so I just used some
very gentle straddles that stretches and
probably found about five minutes
stretching
[Music]
then I will take off my slippers and get
into bed and I will also set my alarm so
I set my alarm for 6:30 and I also set a
reminder one for 6:40 and seven o'clock
[Music]
then the next thing I like to do is
three lots of writing so the first thing
I do is write some of the book I'm
writing at the moment some of you might
know that I always like to be writing a
book just because I really like creative
writing and I find it really enjoyable
so I've got into the habit of ham
writing instead of typing my book and so
before bed I like to maybe write for
just 20 minutes and I really like
putting aside this time to make sure I
do do this because otherwise it's really
easy to just forget to do it and then I
don't write for ages and I really regret
it the next thing I would do is do some
journaling I really like journaling it's
really reflective and as I said I do
like writings it's the kind of thing
that I just enjoy doing and I've got to
say I did get out for habit of doing
this but one of my new year's
resolutions is to write more often in
this journal because I used to write net
everyday and I regret the fact that I
stopped doing that when I went to
university then I will do one final lot
of journaling and this is kindness
journaling this is the kindness journal
that I designed and that I sell on my
website and it's all about helping you
to be more intentional and mindful of
your actions and how our actions affect
other people and again this is a really
mindful reflective thing that I like to
do in my evenings because it also gets
me motivated for the next day and
encourages me to be kind to the next day
which I do really like so after doing
all of that I will just watch some
YouTube videos or maybe watch some of
the television show or something for a
little bit and I will usually do this
for maybe 20 minutes to 40 minutes
depending then I will read so today I
actually started station 11 which is
this month's book of the month for the
book club which I recently started on
Instagram
it's so exciting how many of you have
joined and I can't wait to talk about
this book later at the week at the end
of the month
so after reading for maybe an hour
little bit under an hour I will put on
an essential oil wrist oil thing and
we'll say this sleepy body lotion hand
lotion from lush which is so good I
would wholeheartedly recommend this
[Music]
then I will just turn on this lamp turn
off the main light and go to sleep
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed watching
my updated night routine let me know if
you'd like me to do an updated morning
routine as well because I do know that I
filmed a lot of morning routines but
people continue to request them so let
me know if that something you'd like to
see and I hope you have a productive
week
[Music]